Add functionality for publishing delayed messages (#93)
twingly/twingly-amqp: README.md

publisher.publish({ my: "data" })
```

### Publish delayed messages

```ruby
publisher = Twingly::AMQP::DefaultExchangePublisher.delayed(
  delay_queue_name:  "my_queue.delayed", # Queue where delayed messages will
                                         #   wait until delay_ms has passed
  target_queue_name: "my_queue",         # Queue the delayed messages will be

>                                          #   published to after the delay

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                                         #   published to after the delay has expired
```

hmm, can a delay expire? but I just felt that something was missing :)

Author: Hehe, I have no idea :) Does *"has elapsed"* work here?

Reviewer: better than expired:)

Author: f5401cb39ce08e8e8a2cb5d930dae8e76564fecb

publisher.publish({ my: "data" })
```

### Publish delayed messages

```ruby
publisher = Twingly::AMQP::DefaultExchangePublisher.delayed(
  delay_queue_name:     "my_queue.delayed", # Queue where delayed messages will
                                            #   wait until delay_ms has passed
  delay_ms:             60_000,

>   target_exchange_name: "", # Optional, which exchange the delayed messages will
>                             #   be published to, defaults to default exchange
>   target_routing_key:   "", # Optional, which routing key the delayed messages
>                             #   will be published with

Reviewer: I'll comment this here in lack of better places. Perhaps we should make this simpler by just allowing queues on the default exchange? I don't think we ever delay in any other way (I hope?) :D

```suggestion
  target_queue: "", # Optional, which queue on the default exchange 
                    # the delayed messages will be published to
```

(Sorry about sloppy suggestion)

Reviewer: Watch out for edits! :)

Reviewer: Anyway, I am thinking it will be easier to understand how it's used, and may(?) make the specs a bit shorter

Author: > I'll comment this here in lack of better places. Perhaps we should make this simpler by just allowing queues on the default exchange? I don't think we ever delay in any other way (I hope?) :D

I had some thoughts about this as well at https://github.com/twingly/twingly-amqp/pull/93#discussion_r559981990

If we agree that we probably never need to delay to an exchange, I'm fine with removing the `target_exchange_name` and renaming `target_routing_key`. That way the interface for `DefaultExchangePublisher#delayed` is more similar to the interface for `DefaultExchangePublisher.new`.

Author: 529cb67

)

# Publishes message to the delay queue. After delay_ms has passed,

> #   the message will be rerouted to the exchange/routing key specified above

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#   the messages will be rerouted to the exchange/routing key specified above
```
Super tiny nitpick :P
It was plural in the previous lines, should it still be that or?

Author: The text in the previous lines describes what happens to all messages that's published using the publisher.
The text here describes what happens when running `publisher.publish({...})` on the line below, which just publishes one message. At least that was my thinking :)

Reviewer 2: Ahh I see! Thanks :)
